README.md, before:

# 711cc
A small c compiler named 711cc.

## Feature

- Target architecture is x86_64
- AT&T syntax
- Support multibyte UTF-8 character in identifier
- Goal is a self-hosting compile

## Build

Run make to build:

```shell
$ make
```

## Usage
You can compile a `.c` source to an assembly file with args `-o` and output file path:

```shell
# Compile .c source code to tmp.o object file
$ ./711cc -o tmp.o [file-path].c

# Execute
$ ./tmp
```

There are some parameters:

```shell
# If `--help` is given, you can see a help text:
$ ./711cc --help

# If `-E` is given, you can see preprocessed tokens:
$ ./711cc -E [file-path].c

# If `-I` is given, you can add include path:
$ ./711cc -I[path] [file-path].c

# If `-D` is given, you can set a macro with `=`:
$ ./711cc -D[Macro-func]=[Macro-body] [file-path].c

# If `-S` is given, outputs as assembly:
$ ./711cc -S -o tmp.s [file-path].c
```

There are two args, `-fpic` and `-fno-pic` to select ways of computing a variable. The `-fpic` is a default setting in this compiler, so it means that `-fno-pic` isn't given. If `-fno-pic` is given, the ELF module doesn't have to be position-independent, meaning compiler assume that code and data will be loaded at a fixed memory location below 4GiB. If `-fno-pic` is not given, the ELF module may be loaded anywhere in the 64-bit address space.

```shell
# Add `-fpic` or `-fPIC`
$ ./711cc -o tmp.s -fpic [file-path].c
$ gcc -o tmp tmp.s
$ ./tmp

# Add `-fno-pic` or `-fno-PIC`
$ ./711cc -o tmp.s -fno-pic [file-path].c
$ gcc -static -o tmp tmp.s
$ ./tmp
```

## Test

711cc comes with tests. To run the tests, give "test" as an argument:

```shell
$ make test
```

For test a self hosting, give "test-stage2" and "test-stage3" as an argument:

```shell
# Test for self hosting with a test
$ make test-stage2

# Check a diff between stage2 compiler and stage3 compiler
$ make test-stage3
```

Commit message:

Add -MD, -MP, -MT and -MF options

README.md, after:

# 711cc
A small c compiler named 711cc.

## Feature

- Target architecture is x86_64
- AT&T syntax
- Support multibyte UTF-8 character in identifier
- Goal is a self-hosting compile

## Build

Run make to build:

```shell
$ make
```

## Usage
You can compile a `.c` source to an assembly file with args `-o` and output file path:

```shell
# Compile .c source code to tmp.o object file
$ ./711cc -o tmp.o [file-path].c

# Execute
$ ./tmp
```

## Options

There are some options:

```shell
# If `--help` is given, you can see a help text:
$ ./711cc --help

# If `-S` is given, outputs as assembly:
$ ./711cc -S -o tmp.s [file-path].c

# If `-E` is given, you can see preprocessed tokens:
$ ./711cc -E [file-path].c

# If `-I` is given, you can add include path:
$ ./711cc -I[path] [file-path].c

# If `-D` is given, you can set a macro with `=`:
$ ./711cc -D[Macro-name]=[Macro-body] [file-path].c
```

There are two args, `-fpic` and `-fno-pic` to select ways of computing a variable. The `-fpic` is a default setting in this compiler, so it means that `-fno-pic` isn't given. If `-fno-pic` is given, the ELF module doesn't have to be position-independent, meaning compiler assume that code and data will be loaded at a fixed memory location below 4GiB. If `-fno-pic` is not given, the ELF module may be loaded anywhere in the 64-bit address space.

```shell
# Add `-fpic` or `-fPIC`
$ ./711cc -o tmp.s -fpic [file-path].c
$ gcc -o tmp tmp.s
$ ./tmp

# Add `-fno-pic` or `-fno-PIC`
$ ./711cc -o tmp.s -fno-pic [file-path].c
$ gcc -static -o tmp tmp.s
$ ./tmp
```

For "make" command, if `-M*` options are given, the compiler write a list of dependencies files to stdout or a file.

- `-M` : show a rule suitable for make describing the dependencies of the main source file.
- `-MD` : show a list of input files, except that `-E` is not implied.
- `-MP` : add a phony target for each dependency other than the main file.
- `-MT` [target] : Change the target of the rule emitted by dependency generation.
- `-MF` [file] : When used with -M or -MM, specifies a file to write the dependencies to.

## Test

711cc comes with tests. To run the tests, give "test" as an argument:

```shell
$ make test
```

For test a self hosting, give "test-stage2" and "test-stage3" as an argument:

```shell
# Test for self hosting with a test
$ make test-stage2

# Check a diff between stage2 compiler and stage3 compiler
$ make test-stage3
```
